NMS-11810: Database Reports documentation (#4663)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/database-reports/templates/classic.adoc

[[classic-report]]
= Default Classic Report

> This report is generated directly from the {page-component-title} Java code and has no optional parameters for selecting a subset of the network devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report is generated directly from the {page-component-title} Java code and has no optional parameters to select a subset of the network devices.
```
